July 8, 2025
CHIEF TRAVIS LEARY
Fairfield Fire & Rescue
15 Lawrence Ave
Fairfield, Maine 04937
TIMOTHY MARTIN
Chair, Town Council
Town of Fairfield
19 Lawrence Ave
Fairfield, ME 04937


Dear Travis and Martin,
As Founder and President of my private foundation, I would like to make a grant to the Town of Fairfield and specifically to Fairfield Fire and Rescue Department in the amount of $367,600 to purchase a 2025 Ford E-450 Demers MX-170 Ambulance.
This grant is in memory of my deceased father, Allie W. King Jr., and my deceased mother, Gerri King, both lifelong residents of Fairfield.
I established my private foundation for various charitable purposes, and one of its founding missions is to support important causes in the Town of Fairfield. I grew up in Fairfield and have always cared deeply about the town and its people. My parents were lifelong members of the community, and while they were alive, they deeply appreciated everything about the town and its people. My parents believed in giving back, and this grant from my foundation is one way of continuing their legacy.
The courage, dedication, and selflessness your department shows every single day does not go unnoticed. Whether it’s responding to medical emergencies,house fires or community events, your presence is a constant reassurance to everyone who calls this town home.
There were numerous times when my father and mother needed the rescue unit’s help, and every time, they were met with professionalism, care, and a deep commitment to service. These moments left a lasting impression on me. While no donation can ever match the value of the work you do, I hope that a new ambulance helps ensure that your team continues to have the tools and resources it needs to carry out its mission safely and effectively.




Please extend my thanks to everyone at the department for the late nights, the early mornings, the training, the risks, and most of all, the heart that you all bring to your work.
I also commend the Town Manager, Michelle Flewelling, along with the Town Council and town leadership for all their great work and dedication to the town and its residents
With sincere appreciation and respect,


Allie (Al) King III
Founder and President
Al King Family Foundation 
37 Ferry Lane East
Westport, CT 06880
917-509-4032
alkingiii@aol.com


CC:  


Michelle Flewelling – Town Manager
Timothy Martin – Town Council Chair
Peter Lawrence – Vice Chair
Matthew Tulley – Secretary
Stephanie Thibodeau – Council Member
Matthew Townsend – Council Member




Enclosures:


Foundation Grant Check
Foundation Grant Terms